Discoverability - How we find the things that we want to add to our collection?
How are you finding materials?
Are you only looking at what is shown to you?
So, what you're getting through emails from publishers?
Or what you're seeing in review catalogs?
How are you finding materials?
Do you go out looking for other items?
Here are some great places for discoverability of materials, of diverse materials, in particular.
So, you have Melanin in YA.
Or this, We Need Diverse Books site.
LGBTQ reads.
Your #RomanceClass, and Crime Writers of Color.
All great places for you to start the discoverability process.
Many of these things will be shown in reviewed journals,
or in Publisher Catalogs.
But not all, there's a limited amount of space in all of those places.
The onus is on us to be curious, to go back to the ground rules,
and learn about what is out there for us to show to our patrons.